[SYCL] Make intel specific device info descriptors namespace qualified (#6639)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/supported/sycl_ext_intel_device_info.md

Then the maximum memory bandwidth can be obtained using the standard get\_info() interface.

    if (dev.has(aspect::ext_intel_max_mem_bandwidth)) {
      auto maxBW = dev.get_info<ext::intel::info::device::max_mem_bandwidth>();
    }

# Deprecated queries #

> The table below lists deprecated, that would soon be removed and their replacements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists deprecated device information descriptors, that will soon be removed and their replacements:
```

Then the maximum memory bandwidth can be obtained using the standard get\_info() interface.

    if (dev.has(aspect::ext_intel_max_mem_bandwidth)) {
      auto maxBW = dev.get_info<ext::intel::info::device::max_mem_bandwidth>();

>     }

Reviewer: Since this extension is "supported", we really should document the deprecated queries.  I'd suggest a new section at the bottom (a peer of "Maximum Memory Bandwidth") named something like "Deprecated queries".  That section can list all of the deprecated info descriptors and their equivalent new names.
